---
layout: post
title: Impossible is Nothing!
date: 2005-06-07 13:26
author: alvachien
comments: true
categories: [随心随笔]
---

These days I refactored my own C++ codes while re-reading of C++ and learning of STL, I have rewriten the basic library(used for A.C. Products only) with STL instead of using MFC to fit more OS than Windows Desktop OS series in future. I counted my code line unintentionally via a small tools writen by myself, there are more than 15,000 C++ codes exist(*some of them are downloaded from the website, such as [CodeProject](http://www.codeproject.com/) or [CodeGuru](http://www.codeguru.com/) etc*.). I am so happy for this, because it is a result of me, perhaps it means nothing to the others, but to me, it's achievement, a great achievement, anyway, it looks like my own children, even ugly but is mine and goodlooking to me. But I also puzzled for some issues of using C RunTime Library in the refactioring process, just because I used Microsoft Visual Studio (6, 7.1 both) series as develop tool, and Microsoft enlarge the CRT, STL with a lot of Microsoft-Specified functions or constants, it also restrict the code transferred and means more work to me.

Over these days, it seemed that I have come back to the old days, in the off-work time, I went to the school, to read book and to write code in the classroom, as a student. It tastes sweet, and make me feel rich of my life and time. During this period, I feel more younger, for I can omit the persons and things from real life, and can avoid the discussiong of money and house, just to fill youself instead of anything else. I like this kind of life, and I'm not old yet, the ten years(*age 20 to age30*) is a **golden decade** to anyone, I should not let it gone by killing the time. Choose a direction, spend your time, and put soul and heart into it, stick it out, and nothing is impossible to you.

The sentence "**Impossible is Nothing**" is the advertisement of [Adidas](http://www.adidas.com/). Last week, I have seen a dialogue between the CEO of adidas corporation with a reporter in CCTV channel 1, the CEO discussed the top sport stars who are sign up for adidas. He said, adidas will choose the stars who will work hard for his job, and should not put more attention to money only. He give an example about David Beckham, one of the most famous football players in the word, David will always knows what he should do, and know something should not be done, and never have a coach criticized David for his lazy work. The CEO also told about the sentence, in his mind, if you working hard for your work, impossible is nothing for every one! I'm agree with this theory, but there are something need to expand, the work, it is NOT simply means your current job, it is a widen concept, and in my comprehension, the work means the work which you go forward to your target.

This morning, I have affected by a story about a mother and her sun when watching CCTV channel 1's story discussion programme. The great mum, 38 age old, have passed the entrance examination to university, in 4 months. The mother have to service as cleaner for his son's school for their very poor economic condition, and her offen have to work very late to supply this family, even this, she still can not earn enough money, sometimes she have to pick the vegetables when the market place is over. And she offen was very late to home for her hard work condition before she could begin her study, but she succeeded at last. She explained why she want to get a bachelor degree - She must earn more money to support her son to go to university, so, she has to improve her education level to get a higher-pay career in the coming future. Her son is great too, he has learned to be stronger and has enhanced his scores under his mother's effect. When he make great efforts to join the best Middle School to continue his study, his mother buy a bookbag for him, and it costs her **9 yuan** RMB. What can buy with only 9 yuan RMB? (*I have just heard of a story with a pupil's father bought a BMW as a gift to his son for the pupil got the highest score in one exam!*), to me, a jacket or a shoe may causes 50 ~ 100 times of 9 yuan, business suit will costs more, I'm ashamed of this. How great the mother and her son are! A lot of things I have learned from them and their story, I think I should not care my clothes' trademark are Nike or Adidas anymore, and I will go forward to my target during my golder decade, and I will put more attention to and spend more time with my parents.

I cannot find a good title for this article, just thinking, writing...
