---
layout: post
title: Remember...
date: 2005-10-01 15:25
author: alvachien
comments: true
categories: [同济, 国庆节, 复旦, 随心随笔]
---
<div id="bp-C678F199F470A1FB_251-content">
<div>Today is Chinese National Day, the others are scheduled for travel or something, but me, stay at home lonely and alone, doing the house working.</div>
<div> </div>
<div>It seemed that a long time passed after I'm doing the house working last time, and I try to rearrange my house today, though I can not find the word to discribe the house's situation correctly, I still settle it down by hand, and hard working for the total afternoon (there are 70 percent left now while I writting down this entry). I don't think I am working ineffectively, Esther knows that well, I will do everything well when I know nobody will do it for me, and I will do nothing if I find there are somebody can do it for me. ^_^. Today I was delayed for I cleaning the drawer and some paper moved me.</div>
<div> </div>
<div>When I was a undergraduate, I have writen down a lot articles, all by pen, not on PC like nowdays, with papers. Some of those articles wrote for a special person, for instance, I was written several poets for my girl friend ^_^. But, after graduated from university, I'm hardly to write something down, and I remove 'writing' from my habit in my MSN profile details. When I was young, I think a person like me should be a reporter than any other jobs, but finally, I became a engineer, a software engineer.</div>
<div> </div>
<div>These papers, these articles put me into the memory of the university life. A week ago, FuDan university got its century celebration, and, 2007, TongJi university got it too. And those people met in my university, a lot of they got their success, such like Mr Jiang Core, already a master of electronic in Germany, the first class in my dorm; and Doctor Pan, and Doctor Liu(Dr. Liu already notified us he is a student of FuDan University now, and I don't know how he prepare for the celebration for FuDan university, he is a good guy to arrage meeting and make prepartion)...</div>
<div> </div>
<div>Wish all of you, happy Chinese Notional Day!</div>
</div>
