---
layout: post
title: Losing...
date: 2007-11-01 17:49
author: alvachien
comments: true
categories: [64bit, C++, IT业内, Microsoft.NET, SQL Server Compact, 技术Tips]
---
<div id="bp-C678F199F470A1FB_957-content">
<div>I am totally lost in the choice between <strong>Microsoft SQL Server Compact Edition </strong>and <strong>Microsoft JET Engine</strong>, though I have written an article as a free ad. for <strong>Microsoft SQL Server Compact</strong>, click <a href="http://blog.csdn.net/alvachien/archive/2007/10/16/1827844.aspx" target="_blank">here</a> to see that article.</div>
<div> </div>
<div>The limitations of <strong>Microsoft JET Engine</strong>:</div>
<div>1. No 64-bit supported, even the plan. But I am doubtful about the fact that Microsoft won't publish 64-bit Office?</div>
<div>2. Security protection, that's an all known issue.</div>
<div> </div>
<div>The major features of <strong>Microsoft SQL Server Compact Edition</strong>:</div>
<div>1. Promise to offer a pure 64-bit solution in next release (current version is 3.5 beta 2). And SQL Server already release 64-bit support in Developer Edition and higher editions.</div>
<div>2. Offer the T-SQL similiar syntax.</div>
<div>3. Do not support Stored procedure, however the Microsoft JET Engine supports a very simple version which called Query.</div>
<div>4. The <strong>Synchronization Services for ADO.NET</strong> give me so many pleasantly surprised, but it's very hard to use it directly:</div>
<div>4.1 No existed demo for using this library to synchronize two <strong>SQL Compact </strong>database tables</div>
<div>4.2 No funcationality for synchronize two database tables which not located in same PC beside using Web service solution</div>
<div>4.3 To fit the library requirement, that are lots of changes (<em>unrecoverable</em>) should be done upon the current design, the risk is high.</div>
<div>5. Of course, the security protection will be a little bit stronger.</div>
<div>6. The previous version of <strong>SQL Server Compact </strong>are called <strong>SQL CE</strong>, so, it's easily to publish the application into the mobile devices, and it will be also much more easier to synchronizer the data between mobile device and desktop PC.</div>
<div>7. A very important thing is, change the lying database means a huge task!</div>
<div> </div>
<div>So, I have to thinking about carefully, doing lots of the test, as well as posting the questions on <strong>MSDN forum </strong>for help, and waiting for the answers.</div>
<div> </div>
<div>And before I made a decision, I have to keep losing ....</div>
</div>
